---
layout: default
published: true
title: Conference Venue - Gibson Hotel
permalink: /pages/venue
---

## [Gibson Hotel, Dublin](http://www.thegibsonhotel.ie/)

Chic, understated and right in the heart of Dublin’s brand new cultural hub, the gibson hotel captures the essence of a vibrant city with a music pedigree that runs deep. Subtle, yet surprising, understated yet complex too, our hotel takes inspiration from its central location and unique design – the ultimate urban retreat.

Music lovers, art junkies, food fanatics…whatever your passion it’s right on our doorstep. From vibrant bars, restaurants, theatres and galleries to our music mecca, The O2, you can immerse yourself in Dublin’s culture in just a few short steps.

We have everything you would expect from a contemporary hotel and much, much more. So don’t just take us at face value, dig a little deeper and you’ll be intrigued by the subtle nuances, hidden surprises and little quirks - towering bamboos, calming water features, mesmerising murals.

### Car Parking - The Point Village Car Park

At the gibson hotel car parking spaces are available at The Point Village Car Park located at rear of the hotel. As this is a public car park there is an overnight charge for residents. There is a preferential rate of €14 per 24 hours agreed for the hotel residents, this is payable in the hotel reception on check out. The car park is accessed by the rear of the hotel – see hotel access map.

#### Hourly Car Parking Rates:

Mid week: **€2.70 per hour**
Weekend: **€2 per hour**
Concert rate from 6pm: **€10** *( Valid from 6pm to 12 midnight )*